= EyeEmConnector

Ruby Wrapper for the EyeEm API(https://github.com/eyeem/Public-API/wiki).

== Getting started

Create an EyeEm App here: http://www.eyeem.com/developers and enter at least the client_id and if you need it the retrieved access token from a user in the configuration. And we are ready to go.


  require 'EyeEmConnector'
  
  EyeEmConnector.configure do |config|
    config.client_id = 'client_id'
    config.client_secret = 'client_secret'
    config.access_token = 'access_token'
  end 


Requests can be done afterwards, lik this:


  EyeEmConnector.user(59550)


This returns a Hash like this


  {
    "user"=>{
    "id"=>"59550", 
    "nickname"=>"varek", 
    "fullname"=>"André", 
    "webUrl"=>"http://www.eyeem.com/u/varek", 
    "thumbUrl"=>"https://graph.facebook.com/1449441885/picture?type=square", 
    "photoUrl"=>"https://graph.facebook.com/1449441885/picture?type=large", 
    "totalPhotos"=>21, 
    "totalFollowers"=>11, 
    "totalFriends"=>13, 
    "totalLikedAlbums"=>15, 
    "totalLikedPhotos"=>31, 
    "description"=>""}
  }


This works the same way for most of the requests define in the models folder.
For optional request parameters take a look at [EyeEm API Wiki](https://github.com/eyeem/Public-API/wiki).


== Todos

* create tests for the wrapped API
* support the process to get the access token of a user
* proper documentation

== Contributing to EyeEmConnector
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012-2013 André Rieck. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

